Welcome to ChWes Restaurant！

ChWes Restaurant is one of the top restaurants in Malaysia. 
Our Restaurant was located near beachside and the interior design is instagrammable.
Our restaurant combine two different famous dining cultures which are Chinese Food and Western Food.
A famous food critic Jeffrey Steingarten had been invited to our restaurant to visit and received a five star rating.


Restaurant History
Our founder - Andrew have a dream of opening a restaurant since he was young. 
He believes that food can bring happiness to everyone. 
He hope every customer can relax when they come to his restaurant.
With this dream, he works hard to earn money.
Although it is difficult to realize his dream, he never gave up.
Finally, ChWes Restaurant founded in year 2020.


"Perfection is our specialty"
Our restaurant is committed to provide each of its guests with the highest quality food and beverage.
We serve all types of chinese and western food that can overwhelm your taste buds.
We will exceed your expection with satisfy your neccessary and serve you wholeheartedly.
A smile on customer face is the best gift of our restaurant.


ChWes Restaurant's Team

1.Chef James Beck 
Chef James Beck is a most famous Western Food Chef in the world.
He also is a michelin 5 star chef from New York.
With many years of fine dining restaurant experience and is passionate about beautiful, delicious food. 
He is obsessed with using only the finest ingredients. 

2.Chef Adam Leong 
Chef Adam Leong is at fifth position among top Chinese chefs.
He also known as "X-treme Chinese cooking".
He is the champion of World Chef Championship Malaysia 2020.



For his devotion to Chinese food and life spending in this Passion 
get reward



With many years of fine dining restaurant experience 
michelin 5 star chef
He is obsessed with using only the finest ingredients 
He is passionate about beautiful, delicious food. 
-5 star chef from around the world
-stuff about our chef
- clean restaurant